# CS210 Portfolio

Throughout the CS210 course, I've created three projects. My first project being the "ChadaTechClock" project. While this is my first project, I feel like the code I've written is very easy to follow as well as being functional. I believe there are ways to improve my code, for example having the clock update in real time rather than being a static menu. Some challenges I faced with my first project was getting used to a new programming language. Prior to this semester, I have only worked in Python and Java so getting used to new syntax is always a growing pain when working with a new language. My second project, "AirgeadBankingApp" went a lot smoother when writing code in C++. One way I could make the user experience better for my second project would be to allow the user to change the initial amounts without having to start over from the beginning of the menu loop. As for my last project "CS210ProjectThree", I made an item-tracking program that used a .txt file input and map to count frequencies of items within the text file list. The struggle with this particular project was getting the .txt file to import properly. Working with new languages and new projects is always fun to me. I personally love problem solving and the sense of accomplishment after putting the final pieces together and seeing a finished and working application. Being able to take a step back and looking at the problem again has always been a strong skill of mine. This course's projects were fun to work through puzzles that helped me get a feel for coding in C++ and I will be using the knowledge gained from these projects in any future projects. 
